Fix topics in loki.source.kafka (#2351)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/release-notes.md

[Changelog]: https://github.com/grafana/alloy/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md

## v1.6

### Breaking change: The `topics` argument in the component `loki.source.kafka` does not use regex by default anymore

> A bug in `loki.source.kafka` caused the component to treat all topics as regex. For example, setting the topic value to "foo" would match any topic containing the substring "foo".

Reviewer: We should avoid using "foo" in the docs (including the readme).  https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#foo   Can we come up with a more applicable generic topic value here?

Author: ack, replaced by "telemetry"

> A bug in `loki.source.kafka` caused the component to treat all topics as regex. For example, setting the topic value to "foo" would match any topic containing the substring "foo".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A bug in `loki.source.kafka` caused the component to treat all topics as regular expressions. For example, setting the topic value to "foo" would match any topic containing the substring "foo".
```

With the fix introduced in this version, topic values are now treated as exact matches by default.

> Regex matching is still supported by prefixing a topic with "^", allowing it to match multiple topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regular expression matching is still supported by prefixing a topic with "^", allowing it to match multiple topics.
```
